Indicate that noopener behavior is now default (#4213)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/lighthouse-best-practices/external-anchors-use-rel-noopener/index.md

Adding `rel="noopener"` or `rel="noreferrer"`
to your `target="_blank"` links avoids these issues.

> **Update** As of Chromium version 88, anchors with `target="_blank"` automatically get `noopener` behavior [by default](https://crbug.com?id=898942). Explicit specification of  `rel="noopener"` helps protect users of legacy browsers including Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% Aside %}
As of Chromium version 88, anchors with `target="_blank"` automatically get
[`noopener` behavior by
default](https://www.chromestatus.com/feature/6140064063029248). Explicit
specification of  `rel="noopener"` helps protect users of legacy browsers
including Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer.
{% endAside %}
```
